Welcome to Next Station.
By accessing or using our services on the website, you agree to and be bound by this Agreement. This Agreement applies to anyone who accesses or uses our services, regardless of their registration or subscription status.
Your access to our services. These terms are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement, please do not access or use our services.
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to modify, revise or change these Terms at any time. Notices of material changes will be posted on this page, and the updated effective date will be stated. In some cases, we may notify you of changes to the Terms by email or other means. However, it is your responsibility to check this page regularly for any changes. Continued access or use of our services constitutes your continued consent to any changes. And. You will therefore be legally bound by the updated terms. If you do not accept the changes to the terms, you must immediately stop accessing or using our services.
1. Eligibility and Responsibilities for Account Registration
Before creating an account on Next Station, please make sure you are eligible to use our services. This section also details what you can and cannot do when using the services, as well as the rights you grant to Next Station.
You are not authorized to create an account or use the Services unless all of the following are true. And. By using our Services, you represent and warrant that:
You are an individual (i.e., not a body corporate, partnership, or other business entity) who is 27 years of age or older.
You are legally competent to enter into a binding contract with Next Station. You are not prohibited by law from using our Services.
You have not committed a felony or indictable crime (or similarly serious crime). A sex crime or any crime involving violence or the threat of violence. Have not been convicted of such a crime. Have not pleaded not guilty to such a crime. Or. You have received leniency for a non-violent crime and we have determined that you are unlikely to pose a threat to other users of our Services.
If at any time you no longer meet these requirements. All authorizations to access our Services or systems will be automatically revoked. You must immediately delete your account. And. We reserve the right to remove your access to our Services without warning.
Prohibited Content - Next Station prohibits uploading or sharing content that:
Content that can reasonably be considered offensive. Or harassing. Abuses others or causes psychological distress to others.
Obscene. Pornographic. Content that is violent or contains nudity.
Content that is abusive, threatening, discriminatory or promotes or encourages racism, sexism, hatred or bigotry.
Content that encourages or assists any illegal activity (including but not limited to terrorism). Content that incites racial hatred or the submission of which would itself constitute a criminal offense.
Content that encourages or assists any activity that could cause harm to the user or others. Including but not limited to content that promotes self-harm, binge eating, dangerous challenges, violent extremism.
Content that is defamatory, libellous or untrue.
Content related to commercial activities. Including but not limited to sales, competitions, promotions and advertising. Solicitation of services. Sex work. Sugar daddy or sugar baby relationships. Links to other websites or pay-per-view phone numbers.
Content that involves or promotes the transmission of spam.
Content that contains any spyware, adware, virus, corrupted file, worm or other malicious code designed to interfere with, damage or disrupt or limit the functionality of any software, hardware, communications, networks, servers or other equipment.
Trojan horses. or any other content that is intended to damage, interfere with, falsely intercept or steal any data or personal information from Next Station or other sources.
Content that violates the rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, intellectual property and privacy rights.
Content that is not written by you. Unless expressly authorized by Next Station.
Content that includes photos or likenesses of others without their consent (or, in the case of a minor, the minor's parent or guardian).
Content that includes photos or likenesses of minors without their parents or guardians. Or that is not fully clothed. Or content that otherwise depicts or implies that a minor is engaged in sexual conduct.
Content that is inconsistent with the intended use of the Service. Or that may damage the reputation of Next Station or its affiliates. That is, uploading or sharing content on the Next Station platform that defames Next Station or its affiliates. Or promoting abuse of the Service or any service provided by Next Station affiliates.
Uploading or sharing content that violates this clause ("Prohibited Content") may result in the immediate suspension or termination of your account.
2. Content
Please be aware of your rights and responsibilities with respect to content in our Services, including any content you provide or post. We expressly prohibit you from posting inappropriate content.
When using our Services. You will have access to: Content you upload or provide when using our Services. Even if uploaded or provided in response to suggestions from our Services ("Your Content"). For the purposes of this Agreement, "Content" includes, but is not limited to, all text, images, videos, audio or other materials on our Services. Including information in user profiles and direct messages between users.
Any other text, content, graphics, user interfaces, trademarks, logos, sounds, illustrations, images and other intellectual property that appear in our Services are owned, controlled or licensed by us. And are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. All rights, title and interest in and to our Content will always remain with us.
3. Disclaimer
Next Station's Services are provided "as is". We cannot make, and do not make, any representations regarding the content or functionality of our Services.
Next Station provides the Services on an "as is" and "as available" basis. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we make no warranties of any kind, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to our Services (including all content contained therein). Including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Next Station does not represent or warrant that (A) our services will be uninterrupted, secure or error-free. (B) any defects or errors in our services will be discovered or corrected. Or (C) any content or information you obtain on or through our services will be accurate, complete, current or suitable for your purposes. In addition, Next Station does not make any guarantees about the number of active users at any time, the ability or desire of users to communicate or meet with you, or whether users you meet through the services will eventually match you or their behavior.
Next Station is not responsible for any content posted, sent, received or acted upon by you or other users or third parties through our services. Next Station is also not responsible for the identity, intentions, legality or authenticity of any user with whom you communicate through Next Station. You download or otherwise obtain any material through the use of our services at your own discretion and at your own risk. Next Station is not responsible for any damage to your computer hardware, computer software or other equipment or technology, including but not limited to any security breaches or any viruses, bugs, tampering, hacking, fraud, errors, omissions, interruptions or defects. Operation or transmission delays. Computer line or network failures. Or any other technical or other interference or failure.
4. Acceptance of Terms
By using our Services, you accept the terms of this Agreement.
By using our Services through a mobile device, mobile application or computer, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement (as we may amend from time to time). If you do not accept all the terms of this Agreement and agree to be bound by them, you are not authorized to use our Services.
5. Entire Agreement
This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or representations.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between you and Next Station regarding the use of our Services. This Agreement supersedes all prior written or oral agreements, representations and arrangements between us. If any term in this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. The Company's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Unless otherwise required by law, you agree that your Next Station account is non-transferable and all your rights to your account and its contents terminate upon your death. You may not transfer or assign any rights and authorizations granted under this Agreement. However, we may assign such rights and licenses without restriction. These Terms do not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust or other special relationship or employment relationship. You may not make any representations on behalf of Next Station or bind Next Station in any manner.
